---
layout: wpost
title: Morocco -- Part One
author: William
---

On Wednesday, the 30th of October we took the Getbus to the Porto Airport. 

The ride was a long 1 hour journey. When we entered the Airport we found our flight was not on the large departure sign we went to GroundForce Royal Air Maroc's shared information booth only to be told that our flight had been re-booked to the next day so we begrudgingly went home. 

When we went back the next day we were all too familiar with the hour long Getbus trip to the airport. We were happy to find our flight not cancelled but soon found out that the flight was one hour later. As we waited for our flight we went to a nearby cafe to eat before boarding. When the time came for boarding we were met with the unwanted news that our flight had been delayed, as time passed we began becoming weary. 10 minutes, 20, 40, 80. When it was finally time to board, we anxiously hopped on the plane and sat down. 

When we landed we were the last flight to land and we needed to take a 1 and a half hour train in order to get to where we needed to go but the Airport had a suprisingly. It was nearly 10 o' clock when we finally arrived at the train station. 

At the train station we got some McDonalds and then went on our way. Our hotel was 28 minutes away! After walking for about 7 minutes we decided to take a Careem (A ride sharing app) which was actually very hard, the GPS in Morocco didn't work very well so every time our Captains (The drivers) would "arrive" they would be in a different place. 

By the time we got to our hotel we were so tired we just went straight to sleep and that was the end of our day.
