---
layout: post
title: Padaria
author: xinlian
---
IMG_20191017_173753.jpg

{% include image.html url="/images/IMG_20191015_120947.jpg" description="It rains, despite the weather forecast of clear sky" %}
 
{% include image.html url="/images/IMG_20191017_173753.jpg" description="Adriano and Josey" %}

Andriano and Josey are like family to us.  They know what Wiliam and I like to eat, and will make dishes for us in advance.  Although the sign says padaria and pizzaria, they will cook a variaty of tasty home dishes.

Obviously he had some regular customers.  We always run into two old gentalmen while we eat at around 5 pm.  One will always have a small bear, and the other usually will have a full plate.  Sometimes, they will help Andriano to set up tables.

Andriano will always grett Wililam by shaking his hand.  He knows William likes spaghetti.  Some day he will ask William whether he's coming the next day.  If so, he will leave a note so that Josey will cook spaghetti for the Prato de Dia.  If nothing else are available, Andriano can quickly fix a ham and cheese sandwich.  When we think of the small shop, it is like a home away from home.  

One day when I had lunch, another Chinese looking person was at the corner seat.  He introduced himself as Daniel Xia.  He said he graduated from the Univeraity two years ago.  Danial came back just to say hi to Andriano.

Josey was very proud of her cooking.  She mentioned that she saw on TV the other day that foreigners said they liked the best of Portugal were the food and people's friendness.  Muito Obrigado!
