---
layout: post
title: Midway
author: Xinlian
---

We watched the movie Midway at the Nova Arcada Mall.

We got free cake and free cocktail in downtown on our way to the movie theater.  A shop was celebrating its anniversary.

The movie itself was like a modern remake of the USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage featuring Nicolas Cage, or a movie version of The Last Ship.  Everyone acted way too hard.  It functions a fancy PowerPoint presentation as a history class for William, and he likes it.

I found not too many people in the theater on its second day of release.  Besides us, there were six (3 times 2) adults and a group of eight teenagers.  The teenagers made the theater their own show.  The screen recedes about five meters from the first row of seats and makes a spacious stage.  The kids jumped up and down on the stage and ran around the stadium.  They were fully prepared for fun, equipped with animal hug pillows and warm clothes, which they threw around.  I was surprised that no adults intervened and neither did I.  Last Thursday at the SC Braga game in the stadium.  We observed two teenage boys casually destroyed a stadium seat and no grown-up intervened.  There was a security guard who was standing five feet from them and did not do anything.

There was an intermission break although the movie was only 138 minutes.  There was only a couple of commercials and no previews.  A movie ticket costs six euros.

William bought a big box of popcorn and it lasted two days.  We took the free shuttle back.
