---
layout: post
title: The Fit Night at CLIB
author: Xinlian
---

LTR stands for Learn to Research.

William was so nervous about the Fit Night event that he texted me a hundred times while I was riding a bus home, urging me to get to his school _now_, as if I could teleport myself.

The first part of the Fit Night was some real workout in a classroom converted gym. 

Team Four is comprised of four students and three parents.  

The second part began with watching a video and introduction on thirteen mental exercises.  I skipped the video and read the illustration on the wall with the help from Google Translate.

When it's my turn, I was led to the real gym.  However, it was set up as a reading room with four rows of small desks.  You would go through the mental exercise placed on the desk by scanning the barcode to listen to instructions.  A scan code for Portuguese is placed on the left and the code for English is placed on the right.  Some desks come with extra instructions for interactive activities, such as writing down your fear or a past error that you want to correct.  The instructions were recorded by students.  I recognized William's voice in the second desk and downloaded the audio to my phone.

You have a chance to purchase the book behind the mental exercises.  

It was all fun until William couldn't find his school uniform  winter coat.

The event was a fund raising activity.  Participating parents will purchase tickets at three euros each, which is very moderate.
